If you're in the marketing world, you
are probably getting asked to do things
like this. Can you come up with some
creative content ideas for my company's
content marketing program? We make
software for event planners. So, just
using this as an example, but it's quite
a common use case that you know your
your team, your boss, your client if
you're an agency, the agency owner, the
CEO is like you need to get more
efficient by using AI in your processes.
And like it'll give you stuff. It
absolutely will. But if you've played
around with this, you know that the
results are often
really boring. The 2026 event tech stack
report, event planning in the age of AI.
[snorts]
Wow, that is that is not not great.
Okay. Uh so what a number of you have
been doing and we love this like
obviously at Spark Tour. This is great.
Like people will search for, hey, show
me data on people whose whose profile
contains event coordinator and then I
want all the keywords that they search
for and I export those or I go to the
relevant topics and I export those to
CSV and then you upload them to chat
GPT. Or maybe you'll just take the
entire overview of all the data and
upload that to chat GBT and tell it to
figure out which sections to use. But we
realize that prompt engineering is a
real pain and you actually want some
more detail in there. So, we built you
something. It's called Take Action. I'm
going to show you how it works. You
click on Take Action. It should be live
today or if it's not, it's coming really
soon. And you can use a ton of these
different sections. We made a bunch of
categories around what people have been
doing. So, in this case, content
creation. I want provocative content
ideas. This is actually one of my
favorites. So you click take action and
then you say hey the primary objective
like what we're trying to do is trial or
demo signups for our service. What is
the primary subject of this? It's event
marketing software. What's the platform
we're going to put it on? Um we're going
to be putting it on our website. This is
like blog content or article content.
And I want something that's long form
and I'm targeting B2B. And then you
click take action. And we use all those
things that you've entered and chosen
depending on what you select. And we've
we've like designed these prompts that
we've found consistently work pretty
darn well to give quite good results
consistently. And and then Casey's done
the thing that like makes this really
useful. So you can you can edit it. You
can export the data. Like if you're
like, "Oo, these are really good. Is
your venue stuck in the past?" the
shocking truth why most corporate events
are forgettable. Like you can see it's
it's a little more creative. It's a
little more provocative. It's
innovative. It also uses all the things
that we you told us about, you know,
what you wanted it to do. And it takes
the right data from the Spark Toro
report, you know, platforms,
demographics, behaviors, all that stuff,
and uses that in here. So, here's here's
what I'm going to suggest. Give it a
try. There's there's tons of different
things in take action. uh tons of
different prompts and opportunities.
Everything from PR focused ones to
search engine and AI tool visibility to
branding and positioning ideas. We are
conservative about which ones we
suggested. We did not include any here
that we think will mislead you or give
you bad data. You know, there's lots of
hallucination in AI and so we're what
we're doing is focused on giving ideas
and so far we've found this really
helpful. Amanda's been using it for her
own content creation and marketing and
social media efforts and had quite some
success. That's not to say that every
single one of these, you know, is a slam
dunk home run. That's not that's not
what I'm saying. You might say, "Hey, I
don't think we should include that." But
it also might be the kernel of a great
idea that you get from some of these
suggestions. I actually really like this
one. I think AI event software replacing
planners like that's a real concern. If
you're targeting event planners, that
probably can help out. I I'm just I'm
just saying this is worthy of a try and
it's a it's a big new feature launch for
Spark Toro and helps with a problem
folks have constantly had which is they
look at this data and they say great now
how do I make it actionable and take
action is the Answer.